JC-816 adding service-preview guidelines stub (#481)
redhat-developer/app-services-guides: docs/connectors/service-preview-guidelines/README.adoc

== Red Hat {product-long-connectors} Service Preview offering options

How you access the Service Preview of Red Hat {product-long-connectors} depends on whether you have access to your own OpenShift Dedicated (OSD) environment and for how long you want to try out {product-long-connectors}.

* *If you have access to your own OSD environment* with the Customer Cloud Subscription (CCS) on an Amazon Web Service (AWS) account, you can use a trial cluster to try out the Service Preview release of {product-long-connectors}. 
+
This process involves creating a trial cluster, receiving a Connectors namespace for your trial cluster, and then configuring the Connectors add-on as described in _Adding the OpenShift Connectors add-on to an OpenShift Dedicated trial cluster_. 
+
The benefit of this option is that your Connectors namespace and Kafka instances last for the 60-day lifetime of the trial cluster. They are not limited to the 48-hour evaluation time frame. Also, the number of Connectors instances that you can create is not limited. The trial environment is useful when you want to create Proof of Concept solutions.

> * *If you don’t have access to an OpenShift Dedicated environment*, you can sign up to  experience the service offering in a low cost way on the Service Preview Evaluation site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *If you don’t have access to an OSD environment*, you can sign up to  experience the service offering in a low cost way on the Service Preview Evaluation site.
```
